Subject: Hackerspace ticket discount for Electromagnetic Field 2014!

Hello!

If you're looking for the ticket discount link, scroll down. Everyone
else, read on!

Hopefully by now you've all heard about Electromagnetic Field, the UK
hacker/maker camp that is occurring in just over a months time. In case
you haven't, here's the gist:

Electromagnetic Field is a non-profit three day camping festival for
people with an inquisitive mind or an interest in making things:
hackers, geeks, scientists, engineers, artists, and craftspeople.

It's taking place in Milton Keynes between the 31st August and the 2nd
September and is inspired by European camps such as the Chaos
Communication Camp and Hacking At Random, which means that we have an
absurd internet connection to a field, and power to every tent.

There will be talks and workshops on everything from genetic
modification to lockpicking, blacksmithing to high-energy physics,
reverse engineering to electronic engineering, quadcopters to beer
brewing and crocheting to carpentry. If you decide to talk about
something, there's space for you to do so, and plenty of people who want
to listen.

The campsite will be littered with interesting things to play with and
explore, from ride-on tanks to giant dinosaurs. And more lasers than you
can shake a laser-covered stick at.

Attendees are encouraged to form villages and put on activities for
other people around the camp, and we're going to have villages covering
everything from gaming to 3D printing. If you'd like to form a village,
get in touch!

Because EMF is an event all about learning things and meeting new people
we really want to get as many hackerspace members along as possible, so
for the next two weeks we're offering a £5 discount off the full ticket
price.

The following link will grant a discount to anyone who clicks it for the
next two weeks. Pass it around to your members and anyone who might be
interested!

    https://www.emfcamp.org/tickets/token/hackspace

Your ticket will give you the following things:

* A secure place to camp for three days.
* Power to your tent.
* Very fast internet access (both wired and wireless).
* Access to running water and hot showers.
* A whole pile of awesome talks and workshops by amazing people.
* A full bar.
* One fully programmable camp badge, equipped with wireless communications.
* A campsite equipped with weird and wonderful things to play with.
* A weekend unlike any other in the UK.


If we've still not sold you, maybe you should read our website and blog,
which have exhaustive information about the camp:

    https://www.emfcamp.org

    https://blog.emfcamp.org

If you've got any questions feel free to email me!

--jonty
(jonty@jonty.co.uk)
